Using the principle shader and denoiser. blender 2.79. shadows, seeing through the glass cup , and the caustics on the cup all make the image look real.

set to cycles renderer
using a cup created earlier, remove everything except the cup.
press 0 on the numpad for camera view
in the n panel check the background image box and open your chosen background
set the axis to camera, increase the opacity to 1
switch to the render panel and match the resolution with the resolution of the opened image
select the camera and adjust the focal length
move and pan the objects to match the background
make a plane, shift + a mesh > plane.
scale by pressing s then 10
press 1 on the numpad and move the plane under the cup objects
press 5 to get back to camera view
with the plane selected add a new material
keep the default diffuse texture. click the small circle next to color and select image texture
open the same image as the background
with the plane still selected hit tab to enter edit mode.
add some geometry by selecting subdivide in the tool panel on the left.
then press u to unwrap the plane and select project from view
you will see the background image lined up with the plane image
hit tab to go back to object mode
save your file
When rendering you will not be able to see the background image, it is just a reference for now.
While the plane image and background image are visible is a good time to match the lighting.
switch to rendered view, Under the rendering tab under film check the transparent box and the background image shall appear
select one cup and select principal shader as the material
set the transmission to 1 to make the cup glass
select the lamp and set it to sun at a strength of 5 to begin with
a larger lamp size will make a softer shadow I used .3
select the object tab,
the shadow direction and size are controlled by the Rotation values
Go back to adjusting the strength of the light to match the reference picture
Now select the plane while in camera view, 0 on the numpad
press s to scale big enough to fill in the total visible background
If the perspective of the camera does not allow for the plane to fully cover the background tab into edit mode with the plane selected
From the tool plane subdivide a few more times till you have the plane divided into small squares.
Turn on proportional editing and set its proportional drop off to sharp
hold down alt and right click a subdivision going from left to right near the far end of the plane
click g and pull the edge up covering the background, use the scroll wheel to smooth out the transition.
Once the background is covered by the plane hit a twice selecting the whole plane
press u and select project from view
now you can render the image, I chose a sample rate of 1170 and checked the denoise box under the layers tab
